here's my favorite west god I love snow
this is what I was born and raised I
know and a sound of snow under your feet
yay you like Snow King can snowball okay
we have to get the car from happen
forget people with mittens another
protective gear that's what we're gonna
play some kind of implementing because
I'm hoping you can check and if there is
an amazing take it off I'm gonna start
up the car
okay okay I got
my professional car cleaner life
Oh
oh I can make it better wow nice okay
okay yeah
how could I do yeah I have no grip hi
I'm I'm melo's new bone friend I was
gonna roll around right now but in the
car I'm so glad I didn't yeah that's us
okay you need to feel my epic cat okay
hi camera so first I'll feel myself
because I got this amazing glasses and
and they're her glasses but they're so
amazing that I I'm wearing mittens so I
don't have very good grip on this and
I'm just doing a video documentary on
our trip to max and get some milk for
hot chocolate and look at her amazing
hat and like oh oh oh stupid pedestrians
around to this market pretty much gonna
snow oh my god oh my god oh my god
people are walking everywhere this is
like nothing I've ever seen before
people were on the streets and they're
just marching away from the snow I think
this is the marshal the cost where yeah
that's what I'm gonna and and sometimes
they get together and have sex and then
they pass eggs to each other and and
it's awesome oh it's a well-known bags
or cos words are gay it's a natural wait
wait
I didn't get that memo okay gave her
little boys ya see okay all golfers are
gay especially no matter how much it is
I whipped cream and milk melt melt melt
mmmm what got you I got bombed on ah 2%
ne25 makes the most delicious but I
don't think you can take it because
you're not man enough oh that's
beautiful
I assure you have chocolate music but we
don't have a look because there's some
right there
I'm pointing it with my fam I am good oh
yeah it is good just take them okay
let's get that and
and I'm just gonna go back to my face
because it's beautiful and hear ya
serenity like that okay okay yeah
oh look at oh you are hey i don't know i
think this is it because this video is
like ridiculously long at this point but
your head is flashing and this is why we
wanted to film the video in the first
place so